[DOCS] Minor edits to trained model APIs (#81549)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/trained-models/apis/put-trained-models.asciidoc

== {api-description-title}

The create trained model API enables you to supply a trained model that is not

> created by {dfanalytics}. The trained model must be in a TorchScript
> representation for use with {stack} {ml} features.

Reviewer: Does it make sense to maybe just refer people to the guide? It's a lot unsaid to just mention "TorchScript representation".

```suggestion
created by {dfanalytics}. The trained model must be a supported PyTorch NLP model for use with {stack} {ml} features. Please see xxxx for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: I believe the user could also supply a non PyTorch model to this API. It could be a boosted tree the user trained outside the stack and then converted into the right format.

Author: Good point!  I've added a link to the (in-progress) NLP docs but only where we're talking about the specific model type.
